the Israeli Army continues to pound the
densely populated Gaza Strip ahead of
what it says will be a coordinated wide
raging Land Air and sea operation in the
Palestinian
territory it accuses Hamas of trying to
stop people from leaving for southern
Gaza before the offensive starts that
Hamas has both issued warnings to their
civilians not to evacuate and when
people didn't listen to those warnings
of Hamas they have actually stopped
civilians and they have stopped convoys
of gazan civilians trying to flee from
the situation and listening to our
warnings knowing that they are much
better off South of the gazi Gaza River
than staying in the northern part the
Israeli Army continues to deploy troops
and heavy Weaponry strengthening its
position at the border with
Gaza Palestinian Fighters continue to
fire Rockets from the strip most are
intercepted by the Iron Dome defense
system but some get
through as intercepted rockets explode
above and after repeated warnings by the
Israeli military the remaining civilians
in the town of stot are starting to move
there's still thousands of civilians
inside stot a town around 3 km from the
Gaza border since we've been here this
morning there's been a heavy firefight
on the outskirts of town a lot of heavy
machine gun fire Small Arms there's also
been a lot of outgoing shelling the
mayor of this town now is saying that
the remaining civilians here must leave
and
now most are reluctant to
go 45 years I've lived here I have no
choice but to go we have the strongest
army in the world but we won't beat
Hamas we thought it would end after a
week but it hasn't I'm just taking what
I can carry just 15 km from here at the
shiffer hospital across the Gaza border
staff can't cope with a sheer number of
wounded medicine Fuel and water are
running out further south in can Yunis
an area the Israeli Army says
Palestinians should go to to avoid being
killed survivors of Israeli air strikes
struggle to come to terms with their
loss we were inside the house my son and
grandsons suddenly without a warning
they bumbed the house 14 people were
killed only this girl my granddaughter
fulla survived I hope she will get
better and stay safe and heal May their
souls rest in
peace Israel's heaviest bombardment of
Gaza in history is unrelenting
destroying entire neighborhoods and
killing more than 3,000 people and in
the midst of it all hundreds of
thousands of pal Palestinians are
fleeing for their lives Char stford Al
jazer stot Southern
Israel well we can go live to Charlie
now who's still there in this thr in
southern Israel so Charlie just give us
an update of the latest
situation well we've had a number of
heavy barges of of rockets that have
been fired from the Gaza Strip in the
last couple of hours the last one very
close to where we were to the point
where when the interceptions happened at
least six Rockets literally there was
shrapnel falling around our feet we
understand that there are no casualties
because as I say those six were
intercepted but let me just show you one
of these recent strikes or the kind of
effect they have on the civilian
population here this is somebody's home
um and you can see the power of the the
rocket is has blown a hole in the wall
the the roof that noise you can hear
behind me is the flapping of corrugated
iron in the roof
um and if I ask the cameraman Marino
just to pan around just across the
street here it
was another strike site just along the
road here and we understand that that
that landed that that contact was made
there um earlier today the Gaza Strip is
just to the right here it's about 3
km in that
direction the town is virtually empty
but as you saw in our report there there
is an ongoing evacuation effort now the
mayor of stero has repeatedly over the
last few days being insisting that
people must leave it is not obligatory
it is not mandatory there are still some
people here who say they
won't um but yeah the situation here
remains very tense indeed we he also
here as you can imagine quite a lot of
outgoing from we understand from The
Sound um artillery large artillery
pieces but of course the situation here
as we saw in that report is nothing like
it is in Gaza as the hours tick by
towards what we understand will be
according to the Israeli according to
the Israeli Army um a coordinated Land
Air and sea attack on Northern Gaza
right Charles thanks for that update
there Charles traford there in St in
southern
Israel